It's time to practice all the things to learn about futures so that the basics of you chase are really
set.
Here are a couple of exercises prepared for you only things you'll learn thus far.
I want you to start easy and create a death over which you then take control with a new instance.
Learned all about dead as a second step I want you to output an array of hobbies as a list or an ordered
list.
Probably in this death and you might want to pre-populated your hobbies of some starting values.
Then I want to add a new hobby button and the input field above this list where you fetch the value
of the input list and add a new hobby with that value.
Whenever desperateness clicked you can add validation to check whether the input is empty or not but
that's purely optional.
Then I want you to make these hobby's clickable so that once you did click one hobby is actually removed
from the array.
And then I want you to add a paragraph.
Hubby delete it below the list maybe which is only shown once at least one hobby has been deleted.
Be creative on how you may tractor's.
Maybe you have some Boullion hobbie deleted which is falls initially and which you then set to Drewett
some point of time thereafter.
Add a hobby counter above the list of hobbies.
This is simply a paragraph where you use string interpolation to output the number of hobbies you have
in your array.
And as a next step I want you to dynamically styled this counter.
For example with dynamic styling and or dynamic.
As class attachments to for example change to look of this paragraph.
Whenever you have more or less and free hobby's finally take that Harbi code and put it into its own
component so only the individual list items you loop through and make sure that everything still works.
That's probably the most challenging step but you can do it.
And the solution with you.
I will show you my approach and hopefully then clear up some of the confusion if you are stuck at some
of these points.